Version 1.9.2 (#5357)
rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion: README.md

- Check your current version.
    - You can check in the debug menu's `Utilities -> Expansion Version` option.
    - If the option is not available, you possibly have version 1.6.2 or older. In that case, please check the [changelogs](CHANGELOG.md) to determine your version based on the features available on your repository.

> - Once you have your remote set up, run the command `git pull RHH expansion/X.Y.Z`, replacing X, Y and Z with the digits of the respective version you want to update to (eg, to update to 1.3.1, use `git pull RHH expansion/1.3.1`).

Reviewer: Is there any reason this was changed to 1.3.1 as opposed to a current version?

Author: > Is there any reason this was changed to 1.3.1 as opposed to a current version?

A silly change, I'll change it to the current version :)

Author: ```suggestion
- Once you have your remote set up, run the command `git pull RHH expansion/X.Y.Z`, replacing X, Y and Z with the digits of the respective version you want to update to (eg, to update to 1.9.2, use `git pull RHH expansion/1.9.2`).
```
